okay today we're going to be playing
home improvement this should be
interesting something to do with the TV
show I'm assuming it does well I could
be wrong I can't hurt me to eat the
whole this is coping
I all right let's turn this
oh god ow today is a very special day
here at tool time and the Binford tool
company is honoring their favorite TV
personality well thank you Tim I
appreciate inferred support oh god I
don't
Oh
o master of mistakes oh good while by
adding my aide to a new line of ultra
power tools everyone knows that real
craftsmen don't have more power Tim now
don't give me that New Age philosophy I
carefully planning a cheap hey stop them
it's Class B night kissing
I
oh my god what the hell is going on him
out of the tool case is empty call
security call the police call the
National Guard haha Oh Tim Allen now Tim
calm down the tools were probably
reading misplaced that's all I like to
draw your attention to the video is
fucked up with pals
again go back to the Stone Age where you
belong now jokes over where are the
tools Tim honest I cannot take your
tools I wonder what the note means stone
age huh you know we might try looking
right here on the lot they're filming
dinosaur Safari on sound stage three
might be you can tell that this is a
text view is like for a third grader a
good place to start
I
oh we coach Tim Allen on the tim allen i
guess is going to go and fight dinosaurs
now this should be amusing see i have no
idea this is the high point him allen's
career it's walking around in a video
game making i miss Susan fucking here
dad I have a nail gun oh sweet come here
pterodactyl fuck you with my nail gun is
shit eggs on me what the fuck oh my god
oh god I don't believe this is happening
I'm Tim Allen Fighting dinosaurs with a
nail gun not even the Japanese getting
in love with something like this
we shit this is a movie studio where all
the people in the actors this game sucks
oh my god I don't believe I'm playing
this Oh God oh sweet i get through these
walls yeah yeah yeah yeah gotta go back
here for there doesn't seem a little way
to make sure I can get those just go
down here maybe good hard hat there we
go yeah Tim Allen rocking it now tool
time baby whoo yeah all right fighting
dinosaurs Tim Allen style this is uh
this is almost as funny as Ray Charles
driving applause for Creed's he comes in
Indiana Jones stop collecting nuts and
balls and fighting died his words
where am I supposed to go it's
ridiculous I don't believe this is
happening work where is uh oh god I hate
video games sometimes where is um let's
see if we can all go through how much I
just keep liking the same nuts and bolts
over and over again where the hell am I
supposed to go if I go down there I die
what the hell him Alan what the fuck
don't I get like wondered if I you get
like other powers I get the wall Ali you
all saw shit planets or down but it's
all right Tim Allen's here to save the
day with his fucking nail gun was shit
I mean normally one for it then that's
fucking whore I got it Emily's games it
is sleep